h1. AndroidOmapsLab

_(OMAPS-LAB) Android Project Library._ 


h1. INTERNET CONNECTION

h3. packet @com.omaps.lab.connection@

h3. HTTPCon

Connecting to Server with GET & POST Method

* @HTTPCon.GET(url)@

bc.. 
	HTTPCon.GET("www.google.com");
p. 

* @HTTPCon.POST(url, nameValuePairs)@

bc.. 
	ArrayList<NameValuePair> nameValuePairs = new ArrayList<NameValuePair>();
	nameValuePairs.add(new BasicNameValuePair("image", ba1));
	HTTPCon.POST("www.google.com", nameValuePairs);
p. 
 
* @HTTPCon.UPLOADIMG(url, bitmap)@

bc.. 
	Bitmap imgBitmap;
	HTTPCon.UPLOADIMG("www.google.com/post/", imgBitmap); 
p. 


h3.  If Android 4.0 or Higer

@setOnHighestSDK()@

h3. ImageLoader

Get Images and show in android device From server with URL

bc.. 
<ImageView
	android:id="@+id/img"
	android:layout_width="194dp"
	android:layout_height="188dp"
	android:layout_x="27dp"
	android:layout_y="125dp"
	android:src="@drawable/abs__list_longpressed_holo" />
p. 

On Java

bc.. 
final ImageView imageView = (ImageView) findViewById(R.id.img); 
ImageLoader imgLoader = new ImageLoader(getApplicationContext());

imgLoad.DisplayImage("http://kpopstarshop.com/template/omap-ci/images/catalog/350/BSC0ODjCQAAwAIS.jpglarge-400x400.jpg", 0, imageView);

p. 

<hr>

h1. SPLITER DATA MANAGER

h3. packet @com.omaps.lab.datamanager@

h3. Spliter

Split data or array data

_ex :_ 

<hr>

h1. MAPS

h3. packet @com.omaps.lab.maps@

h3. DrawingRoute

_*example of drawing route :*_

bc.. 
GoogleMaps maps;
double myLatitude, myLongitude, getLatitudeDest, getLongitudeDest;

DrawingRoute draw = new DrawingRoute();
String mapUrl = draw.makeURL(myLatitude, myLongitude, getLatitudeDest, getLongitudeDest);
String result = HTTPCon.GET(mapsUrl);
draw.drawPath(maps, result);
String getMapData = draw.getMapData(maps, result);
p. 

<hr>

h1. SYMBOL

h3. packet @com.omaps.lab.symbol@

h3. SymbolPrice

_*Example of SymbolPrice*_

@SymbolPrice.rp(10000);@ -> return Rp. 10.000

<hr>

h1. WEBVIEWS

h3. packet @com.omaps.lab.webviews@

h3. CallBackView

*Example of CallBackView*

web_view.xml 

bc..  
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<WebView xmlns:android="http://schemas.android.com/apk/res/android"
    android:id="@+id/web_about"
    android:layout_width="fill_parent"
    android:layout_height="fill_parent" />
p. 

On Java

bc.. 
callBackView = new CallBackView();

webView = (WebView) findViewById(R.id.web_view);
webView.getSettings().setJavaScriptEnabled(true);
webView.getSettings().setEnableSmoothTransition(true);
webView.getSettings().setLoadsImagesAutomatically(true);
webView.setWebViewClient(callBackView);
webView.loadUrl("www.omapslab.com/comment/on_phone");
p. 

<hr>

h1. GCM NOTIFICATION


h3. Example of GCM Notification Registration
 
bc.. 
public void registerGCM() {
	GCMRegistrar.checkDevice(this);
	GCMRegistrar.checkManifest(this);
	final String regId = GCMRegistrar.getRegistrationId(this);
	system.out.println("REGISTER ID==" + regId);
	
	if (regId.equals("")) {
		GCMRegistrar.register(getApplicationContext(), Config.API_DEVICE_ID);
		System.out.println("REGISTER IN PROGRESS");	
	} else {
		System.out.println("REGISTERD");
	}
}
	
public void unRegisterGCM() {
	GCMRegistrar.unregister(this);
}
p. 


<hr>

Agus Prasetyo CEO and Founder at OMAPSLAB
agusprasetyo811@gmail.com
www.omapslab.com







